API Endpoints:
* API GET endpoint localhost/book/ 
    **Returns array all books as objects.
* API GET endpoint localhost/book/:id
    **Takes the id from the URL and searches the database using findById. Returns the book as object if it exists. Returns error message with status 400 if it doesnt.
* API PUT endpoint localhost/book/:id
    **Takes the id from the URL and the updated information from the body. Returns error message with status 400 if the owner of the book and the current user's IDs don't match.  Updates the information using findByIdAndUpdate and returns the updated book.
* API DELETE endpoint localhost/book/:id
    **Takes the id from the URL  and searches the DB using findById and compares the owner and the current user ID. If there is a missmatch, an error message with status 400 is returned. Otherwise the book is deleted.
* API POST endpoint localhost/book/
    **Takes the information from the body and creates a new book in the database. The book's ID is automaticly generated by Mongoose. The creator of the book is also refferenced under "OwnerId".
* API POST endpoint localhost/user/login
    **Takes the email and password from the body.Checks if the email persists in the DB and returns an error with status 401.
    Checks if the password provided passed the bcrypt check and returns error with status 401.If all is good, a token is assigned and returned.
* API POST endpoint localhost/user/register
    **Takes the email and password from the body. If the email is not unique, returns an error with status 500.  If all is good, saves the user and returns a message with status code 201.

